www.Bahamaskeyclub.com Privacy Policy

Type of website: Blog
Effective date: 1st. day of September

www.Bahamaskeyclub.com (the "Site") is owned and operated by Christopher R. Edwards Jr. Christopher R. Edwards Jr. can be contacted at:

c.edwards.kcb@gmail.com
(242) 802-2780

Purpose
The purpose of this privacy policy (this "Privacy Policy") is to inform users of our Site of the following:

The personal data we will collect;
Use of collected data;
Who has access to the data collected;
The rights of Site users; and
The Site's cookie policy.
This Privacy Policy applies in addition to the terms and conditions of our Site.

Consent
By using our Site users agree that they consent to:

The conditions set out in this Privacy Policy; and
The collection, use, and retention of the data listed in this Privacy Policy.
Personal Data We Collect
We only collect data that helps us achieve the purpose set out in this Privacy Policy. We will not collect any additional data beyond the data listed below without notifying you first.

Data Collected in a Non-Automatic Way
We may also collect the following data when you perform certain functions on our Site:

First and last name; and
Email address.
This data may be collected using the following methods:

Newsletter; and
Html Form.
How We Use Personal Data
Data collected on our Site will only be used for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy or indicated on the relevant pages of our Site. We will not use your data beyond what we disclose in this Privacy Policy.

The data we collect when the user performs certain functions may be used for the following purposes:

News Updates.
Who We Share Personal Data With
Employees
We may disclose user data to any member of our organization who reasonably needs access to user data to achieve the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.

Other Disclosures
We will not sell or share your data with other third parties, except in the following cases:

If the law requires it;
If it is required for any legal proceeding;
To prove or protect our legal rights; and
To buyers or potential buyers of this company in the event that we seek to sell the company.
If you follow hyperlinks from our Site to another Site, please note that we are not responsible for and have no control over their privacy policies and practices.

How Long We Store Personal Data
User data will be stored until the purpose the data was collected for has been achieved.

You will be notified if your data is kept for longer than this period.

How We Protect Your Personal Data
I use one of the strongest browser encryption methods by using a well trusted software called "formsubmit.co".

While we take all reasonable precautions to ensure that user data is secure and that users are protected, there always remains the risk of harm. The Internet as a whole can be insecure at times and therefore we are unable to guarantee the security of user data beyond what is reasonably practical.

Children
We do not knowingly collect or use personal data from children under 13 years of age. If we learn that we have collected personal data from a child under 13 years of age, the personal data will be deleted as soon as possible. If a child under 13 years of age has provided us with personal data their parent or guardian may contact our privacy officer.

How to Access, Modify, Delete, or Challenge the Data Collected
If you would like to know if we have collected your personal data, how we have used your personal data, if we have disclosed your personal data and to who we disclosed your personal data, or if you would like your data to be deleted or modified in any way, please contact our privacy officer here:

Christopher Edwards
christopheredwardsjr242@gmail.com
(242) 802-2780

How to Opt-Out of Data Collection, Use or Disclosure
In addition to the method(s) described in the How to Access, Modify, Delete, or Challenge the Data Collected section, we provide the following specific opt-out methods for the forms of collection, use, or disclosure of your personal data specified below:

You can opt-out of the use of your email for News Updates. You can opt-out by by Clicking "Unsubscribe" on the bottom of any email received.
Cookie Policy
A cookie is a small file, stored on a user's hard drive by a website. Its purpose is to collect data relating to the user's browsing habits. You can choose to be notified each time a cookie is transmitted. You can also choose to disable cookies entirely in your internet browser, but this may decrease the quality of your user experience.

We do not use cookies on our Site.

Modifications
This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time in order to maintain compliance with the law and to reflect any changes to our data collection process. When we amend this Privacy Policy we will update the "Effective Date" at the top of this Privacy Policy. We recommend that our users periodically review our Privacy Policy to ensure that they are notified of any updates. If necessary, we may notify users by email of changes to this Privacy Policy.

Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints, you can contact our privacy officer, Christopher Edwards, at:

christopheredwardsjr242@gmail.com
(242) 802-2780
