TERMS AND CONDITIONS

These terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions") govern the use of www.Bahamaskeyclub.com (the "Site"). This Site is owned and operated by Christopher R. Edwards Jr. This Site is a blog.

By using this Site, you indicate that you have read and understand these Terms and Conditions and agree to abide by them at all times.

Intellectual Property
All content published and made available on our Site is the property of Christopher R. Edwards Jr and the Site's creators. This includes, but is not limited to images, text, logos, documents, downloadable files and anything that contributes to the composition of our Site.

Limitation of Liability
Christopher R. Edwards Jr and our directors, officers, agents, employees, subsidiaries, and affiliates will not be liable for any actions, claims, losses, damages, liabilities and expenses including legal fees from your use of the Site.

Indemnity
Except where prohibited by law, by using this Site you indemnify and hold harmless Christopher R. Edwards Jr and our directors, officers, agents, employees, subsidiaries, and affiliates from any actions, claims, losses, damages, liabilities and expenses including legal fees arising out of your use of our Site or your violation of these Terms and Conditions.

Severability
If at any time any of the provisions set forth in these Terms and Conditions are found to be inconsistent or invalid under applicable laws, those provisions will be deemed void and will be removed from these Terms and Conditions. All other provisions will not be affected by the removal and the rest of these Terms and Conditions will still be considered valid.

Changes
These Terms and Conditions may be amended from time to time in order to maintain compliance with the law and to reflect any changes to the way we operate our Site and the way we expect users to behave on our Site. We will notify users by email of changes to these Terms and Conditions or post a notice on our Site.

Contact Details
Please contact us if you have any questions or concerns. Our contact details are as follows:

(242) 802-2780
c.edwards.kcb@gmail.com

You can also contact us through the feedback form available on our Site.

Effective Date: 1st day of September, 2023